README.md, before:

# assignment-3
This assignment is meant to help us deploy a program in python to an environment other than our own. 
Please use this file as a guide on how to setup the program and neccesary things one must do before running. 

# Python Installation
Please ensure you have python3 installed on your computer.
On mac, you can open terminal and type "python3" which should tell you what version you have. 
If you get an error message you will have to install python, this can be installed through the offical python website or using homebrew. 

Offical Python Website: https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/

To install in homebrew, make sure homebrew is first installed, if not paste this onto your terminal shell 
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
and follow instructions to install 

Open the terminal and enter the following command to upgrade homebrew: $ brew update && brew upgrade
Once done, install python using this command: brew install python3
This should complete the installation of Python on your machine.

# Program Setup
Create a folder on your desktop and name it "TempTest"
Place program in this folder 
through terminal, navigate to the "TempTest" folder using CD

Commit message:

Some updates to Readme and script

README.md, after:

# assignment-4
This assignment was meant for us to expand on last week's python programming. It also allowed us to go back and fix a mistake we had. We were able to create a new code that was meant to answer the questions given to us this week. At the end of the program, the script will create a folder in the working directory and create multiple files from the original log file. It will split into 12 total files (1 per month) and move the requests to their respective month. 

# Python Installation
Please ensure you have python3 installed on your computer.
On mac, you can open terminal and type "python3" which should tell you what version you have. 
If you get an error message you will have to install python, this can be installed through the offical python website or using homebrew. 

Offical Python Website: https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/

To install in homebrew, make sure homebrew is first installed, if not paste this onto your terminal shell 
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
and follow instructions to install 

Open the terminal and enter the following command to upgrade homebrew: $ brew update && brew upgrade
Once done, install python using this command: brew install python3
This should complete the installation of Python on your machine.

# Program Setup
Create a folder on your desktop and name it "TempTest"
Place program in this folder 
through terminal, navigate to the "TempTest" folder using CD
